Document IsPublishable (#24134)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

> [!TIP]
> Alternatively, you can use `dotnet publish` to publish the class library. For more information, see [dotnet publish](../tools/dotnet-publish.md).

### IsPublishable

> The `IsPublishable` property allows the `Publish` target to run. This property only affects processes that use *.csproj* files and the `Publish` target, such as the [dotnet publish](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) command. Visual Studio is not affected because Visual Studio uses the `PublishOnly` target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IsPublishable` property allows the `Publish` target to run. This property only affects processes that use _.\*proj_ files and the `Publish` target, such as the [dotnet publish](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) command. Visual Studio is not affected because Visual Studio uses the `PublishOnly` target.
```

> The `IsPublishable` property allows the `Publish` target to run. This property only affects processes that use *.\*proj* files and the `Publish` target, such as the [dotnet publish](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) command. Visual Studio is not affected because Visual Studio uses the `PublishOnly` target. The default value is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IsPublishable` property allows the `Publish` target to run. This property only affects processes that use *.\*proj* files and the `Publish` target, such as the [dotnet publish](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) command. It does not affect publishing in Visual Studio, which uses the `PublishOnly` target. The default value is `true`.
```
